Lasted Updated: 22-Apr-2019



These terms and conditions apply to the user downloading, browsing, accessing or using Planti mobile application, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. If you disagree with any of these Terms and Conditions of Use, you must immediately discontinue your access to the Mobile Application and your use of the services offered on the Mobile Application. Continued use of the Mobile Application will constitute acceptance of these Terms and Conditions of Use, as may be amended from time to time at its sole discretion.



Planti

These Terms are between you and Planti, When used in these Terms, the terms “us”, “we” and “our” refer to Planti.



Planti Services

Planti mobile application provides a way for users to find the restaurants and food entrees of their choice vegan, Ovo-Vegetarian, Lacto-Vegetarian and Lacto-ovo-Vegetarian in their current location. We recommend the location services to be turned on to get the best service out of this mobile application.



Content Ownership

The content on the mobile app is fully owned by Planti and protected by US and international copyright and trademark laws. You may not reproduce, distribute, republish, upload, transmit, display, sell, transfer, assign, license or use for any purposes without the prior written consent from Planti. The new content generated through user postings as well so we are not responsible for any of inaccurate information about a restaurant or entree or address, users can report an error if the user wishes too.



User Content
Planti application provides a feature to the user to post new restaurants and food entrees for various food preferences. As an end user you agree to post only your own or your licensed photos. You also agree that the content you post will be visible publicly and not for private use.



By submitting any photo or information to planti, you represent that the submitted photo or information does not and shall not infringe on any copyright.



We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is, therefore, our policy to expeditiously process, investigate and address notices of alleged infringement, and to take appropriate action. under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other relevant intellectual property laws



Service Availability

Planti team makes every effort to keep services up and running at any given point of time however we do not guarantee the mobile application or parts of mobile application  availability at all times



Location Services & Notifications

You agree to share location to get best service from planti application. The mobile application detects the smart phone location while installing the mobile application and user can disable location service anytime from mobile settings.

You agree to receive notifications on the Mobile Application when a new restaurant or new entree from user preference added in users location.



Users under Age 13

Planti mobile application is not directed to children. Planti does not collect any personal information that determines the age of the user.  Persons under the age of 13 are not permitted to use our application.



Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and keep us indemnified against any claim, action, suit or proceeding brought or threatened to be brought against us which is caused by or arising out of (a) your use of the Services, (b) any other party’s use of the Services using your user ID  and/or (c) your breach of any of these Terms and Conditions of Use, and to pay us damages, costs and interest in connection with such claim, action, suit or proceeding.



Liability

You agree that under any circumstances planti or its creators are not liable for any  damage caused due to the use of this service or use of mobile application.



Contact Us

Please contact us at plantimailbox@gmail.com for any questions related to these terms or for any feedback.



